Two-Way Media v. Comcast Cable Communications, 16-2531
In a patent action relating to a series of patents concerning a system for streaming audio/visual data over a communications system like the internet, the district court's judgment that the asserted patents are ineligible subject matter under 25 U.S.C. section 101 is affirmed where the claims are directed at abstract ideas and contain no additional elements transforming them into patent-eligible applications.
Axiom Foods, Inc. v. Acerchem Int'l, 15-56450
In a civil procedure action, arising from a copyright infringement action brought by plaintiffs, American companies in the natural foods industry, against defendant, a UK limited company, after defendant sent an email newsletter containing plaintiffs' logos to 343 email addresses, the district court's dismissal for lack of personal jurisdiction is affirmed where defendant's suit-related conduct did not create a substantial connection with California.
Mastermine Software, Inc. v. Microsoft Corp., 16-2465
In a patent action, construing the term 'pivot table' in relation to two of plaintiff's patents, the district court's 1) claim construction is affirmed as supported by intrinsic evidence; but its 2) indefiniteness determination is reversed because the claims' scopes are reasonably certain.
Skulason v. California Bureau of Real Estate, 147047
Reversing a trial court judgment granting writ of mandate and the award of attorney's fees in the case of a real estate salesperson who sued a state agency for publicizing her three misdemeanor convictions because they had no mandatory duty to remove from their website information about a licensee's convictions even if they were eventually dismissed.
Packingham v. North Carolina, 15-1194
Conviction under a North Carolina law that makes it a felony for a registered sex offender 'to access a commercial social networking Web site where the sex offender knows that the site permits minor children to become members or to create or maintain personal Web pages,' N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. sections14-202.5(a) and (e), is reversed where the North Carolina statute impermissibly restricts lawful speech in violation of the First Amendment.
Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA/CSS, 15-2560
In a complaint challenging Upstream surveillance, an electronic surveillance program operated by the National Security Agency pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), 50 U.S.C. section 1801 et seq., the district court's dismissal of the complaint on grounds that the allegations in the complaint were too speculative to establish Article III standing, under Clapper v. Amnesty International USA, 133 S. Ct. 1138 (2013), is: 1) vacated as to Wikimedia-plaintiff where Clapper's analysis of speculative injury does not control this case, since the central allegations here are not speculative, and plaintiff's allegations are sufficient to survive a facial challenge to standing; and 2) affirmed as to the other plaintiffs because the complaint does not contain enough well-pleaded facts entitled to the presumption of truth to establish their standing.
Elliot v. Google, Inc., 15-15809
In an action under the Lanham Act, seeking cancellation of the GOOGLE trademark on the ground that it is generic, the district court's summary judgment in favor of defendant Google is affirmed where: 1) a claim of genericness or 'genericide,' where the public appropriates a trademark and uses it as a generic name for particular types of goods or services irrespective of its source, must be made with regard to a particular type of good or service; 2) the district court thus correctly focused on internet search engines rather than the 'act' of searching the internet; and 3) the verb use of the word 'google' to mean 'search the internet,' as opposed to adjective use, did not automatically constitute generic use.
Turner v. Hubbard Systems, Inc., 16-1387
In a suit brought by a solo law practitioner alleging that defendant violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (CFAA) when it issued a software license key that expired on May 31, 2011, despite the fact that he owned a permanent license to the software at issue, the district court's order adopting the magistrate judge's report and recommendation, denying plaintiff's motion to strike, and granting HSI's motion for summary judgment are affirmed where plaintiff failed to establish the necessary $75,000 amount in controversy.
Mavrix Photographs, LLC. v LiveJournal, Inc., 14-56596
In a copyright dispute arising out of photographs posted online on defendant's social media website, the district court's summary judgment that defendant was entitled protected by the safe harbor of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act is reversed where: 1) the safe harbor set forth in 17 U.S.C. section 512(c) would apply if the photographs were posted at the direction of users; 2) defendant posted the photographs after a team of volunteer moderators, led by an employee of the defendant, reviewed and approved them; 3) the common law of agency applied to the defendant's safe harbor defense; and 4) there were genuine factual disputes regarding whether the moderators were the defendant's agents.
US v. Apple Macpro Computer, 15-3537
In an appeal concerning the Government's ability to compel the decryption of digital devices when the Government seizes those devices pursuant to a valid search warrant, the district court's order, finding John Doe in civil contempt for refusing to comply with an order issued pursuant to the All Writs Act, 28 U.S.C. section 1651, which required him to produce several seized devices in a fully unencrypted state, is affirmed over Doe's claims that the court did not have subject matter jurisdiction to issue the order and that the order itself violates his Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination.
Mason v. Machine Zone, Inc., 15-2469
In a class action complaint against the developer of a mobile video game entitled 'Game of War: Fire Age', pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(b)(3), asserting a claim under Maryland's gambling loss recovery statute (Loss Recovery Statute), Md. Code Ann., Crim. Law section 12-110, alleging plaintiffs lost money participating in an unlawful 'gaming device,' a component of Game of War that allows players to 'spin' a virtual wheel to win virtual prizes for use within that video game, and seeking recovery of gambling losses that players incurred as a result of 'spinning' the virtual wheel, the district court's dismissal of the complaint is affirmed where the district court correctly concluded that plaintiff did not 'lose money' within the meaning of the Loss Recovery Statute as a result of her participation in the Game of War casino, and thus she failed to state a claim under Maryland's Loss Recovery Statute.
Glassdoor, Inc. v. Super. Ct., 042824
In a dispute between a employer reviews website, brought by a video gaming company against the website operator, seeking the name of a Jane Doe reviewer who purportedly posted confidential information on the website about the employer in violation of a confidentiality agreement, the website operator's petition for a writ directing the trial court to set aside its order to reveal Doe's real name is granted where the employer failed to make a prima facie showing that Doe's statements disclosed confidential information in violation of the nondisclosure agreement.
Flo & Eddie, Inc. v. Sirius XM Radio, Inc., 15-1164
In a copyright infringement suit brought by the company that owns the recordings of the Turtles, a well-known rock band with a string of hits in the 1960s, on behalf of itself and a class of owners of pre-1972 recordings against largest radio and internet-radio broadcaster in the U.S., the district court's denial of defendant's motions for summary judgment and reconsideration is reversed where, in response to questions certified to the New York Court of Appeals, New York common law does not recognize a right of public performance for creators of pre-1972 sound recordings.
Argentieri v. Zuckerberg, 147932
In a defamation suit brought by an attorney for Paul Ceglia throughout Ceglia's lawsuit against Facebook, Inc. and its founder, Mark Zuckerberg, the trial court's grant of defendants' motion to strike plaintiff's complaint under the anti-Strategic Lawsuit Against Public Participation (SLAPP) statute, Code Civ. Proc. section 425.16, is affirmed where: 1) although the statement underlying plaintiff's defamation claim was not subject to the litigation privilege of Civil Code section 47(b), it was subject to the fair and true reporting privilege of Civil Code section 47(d); and, thus 2) plaintiff has no probability of prevailing on his claim.
VeriSign, Inc. v. XYZ.COM LLC, 15-2526
In a suit brought by a company in the business of selling internet domain names and operates the popular .com and .net top-level domains, alleging its competitor made a series of statements touting the popularity of the .xyz domain and warning of a scarcity of desirable .com domain names which violated the Lanham Act's false advertising provisions, the district court's grant of summary judgment to defendant is affirmed where: 1) as to defendant's self-promoting statements, most of which concern its registration numbers, plaintiff failed to produce the required evidence that it suffered an actual injury as a direct result of defendant’s conduct; and 2) plaintiff did not establish that defendant's statements about the availability of suitable .com domain names were false or misleading statements of fact, as required for Lanham Act liability.
Beck v. McDonald, 15-1395
In consolidated appeals brought by veterans who received medical treatment and health care at the William Jennings Bryan Dorn Veterans Affairs Medical Center (Dorn VAMC) against the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and Dorn VAMC officials, alleging violations of the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. section 552a et seq., and the Administrative Procedure Act (APA), 5 U.S.C. section 701 et seq., after two data breaches at the Center compromised their personal information, the district court's dismissal of the actions for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction is affirmed where Plaintiffs failed to establish a non-speculative, imminent injury-in-fact for purposes of Article III standing.
