In re A.A., 289821
Affirmed a juvenile court's probation condition prohibiting an offender from discussing his case on social media. The teenager, who had been bragging online about being in trouble with the law, argued that the probation condition was overbroad and violated the First Amendment.
Meador v. Apple, Inc., 17-40968
Held that Apple Inc. was not liable for a fatal car crash that happened when a distracted driver looked down to read a text message on her iPhone 5. The suit alleged that the iPhone caused the accident because it had no lockout mechanism. Affirmed dismissal of the complaint, holding that Texas law would not regard a driver's neurobiological response to a smartphone notification as a cause of a car crash.
Modisette v. Apple Inc., 044811
Held that Apple Inc. was not liable for a five-year-old girl's death and injuries to her family members that occurred when a driver using the FaceTime application on his iPhone crashed into her parents' car on a Texas highway. Affirmed dismissal of the complaint, concluding that Apple did not owe a duty of care and that the iPhone's design was not a proximate cause.
Calvert v. Binali, 282984
Reversed a $2 million default judgment entered in favor of a plastic surgeon who sued a former patient for allegedly posting an anonymous review online commenting negatively on her plastic surgery experience. Held that faulty service by publication rendered the judgment void on its face.
Roe v. Halbig, 043248
Affirmed that a blogger who moved to quash a subpoena was entitled to an award of attorney fees as the prevailing party, in a case where a crowdfunding campaign originator alleged that he was defamed online. Remanded for recalculation of the fee award.
Beaton v. SpeedyPC Software, 18‐1010
Affirmed the certification of a class action alleging that a software company's downloadable product to improve computer speed and performance was a scam. Held that the district court did not abuse its discretion in certifying a nationwide class and an Illinois subclass of software purchasers.
Rynearson v. Ferguson, 17-35853
Held that a constitutional challenge to Washington's cyberstalking law should not have been dismissed on grounds of <i>Younger</i> abstention. Due to certain online postings, the plaintiff was the subject of a state court stalking protection order. He responded by filing an action in federal court seeking a declaration that Washington's cyberstalking law is unconstitutional. Reversing and remanding, the Ninth Circuit held that the district court erred in applying the <i>Younger</i> doctrine to abstain from hearing the case.
US v. Gonzalez, 16-1540
Affirmed a brother's and sister's convictions and life sentences for conspiracy to commit interstate stalking and cyberstalking resulting in death. The two siblings were indicted after their father shot and killed the brother's ex-wife and himself. On appeal, the siblings both disputed the constitutionality of the statutes under which they were convicted and also brought numerous other challenges to their convictions and sentences. However, the Third Circuit affirmed the district court's decision in all respects, in a case that the appellate panel said involved numerous issues of first impression.
State of California v. Iipay Nation of Santa Ysabel , 17-55150
Affirmed that a federally recognized Indian tribe was prohibited from operating an internet bingo casino. The State of California and the United States brought this lawsuit contending that the tribe's online bingo game violated the federal Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act. Agreeing with the governmental plaintiffs, the Ninth Circuit affirmed summary judgment against the tribe, holding that while the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act protects gaming activity conducted on Indian lands, it did not permit the tribe's internet bingo game that reached patrons located off Indian lands.
Culliane v. Uber Technologies, Inc., 16-2023
Reversed and remanded in a case involving the enforcement of arbitration clauses in online contracts. Plaintiffs filed suit against defendant alleging violations of Massachusetts consumer-protection statute. Defendant operates a ride-sharing service requiring customers to register using the Uber App. In the app is a page that has a button that will take you to Terms and Conditions, which a user is not required to accept and which contains an agreement to arbitrate any dispute. The district court granted defendant's motion to compel arbitration and dismissed the complaint. In reversing and remanding the First Circuit held that the terms of the agreement were not reasonably communicated to plaintiffs.
James v. J2 Cloud Services, 17-1506
Reversing the dismissal of a claim for correction of inventorship and state law claims for lack of jurisdiction in the case of a man claiming to be the sole inventor of a patent for accepting incoming messages over a circuit switched network an
US v. Microsoft Corporation, 17-2
Declaring a writ of certiorari petition moot in the case of Microsoft's attempt to avoid providing emails pursuant to a Government warrant investigating the drug trade because a new warrant was issued under a new law that, unlike the old version, permitted the Government to demand emails stored on overseas datacenters under Trump's Clarifying Lawful Overseas Use of Data Act.
The Police Retirement System of St. Louis v. Page, 043220
Affirming the grant of summary judgment to Google executives in a suit brought by three shareholders bringing derivative suits alleging the corporation was harmed by executives who agreed to refrain from actively recruiting employees working for competitors, an arrangement that had been previously abandoned when it gave rise to antitrust issues with the Department of Justice, because the claim was barred by the three-year statute of limitations.
Hiam v. Homeaway.com, 17-1898
Affirming summary judgment for the defendant website in a suit claiming it misled users who paid thousands of dollars to reserve a vacation rental property in Belize that apparently didn't exist
